README.md, before:

## Novel website - application for websites containing novels or frankly speaking writings of any sorts

### Preparing the server
On a server where the database will be stored (for the current version of installation manual it should be the same with the one where the application is run...) create the postgres database:
```
$ createdb -O rolename dbname
$ psql -d dbname
# ALTER USER rolename WITH PASSWORD 'passwd';
# quit;
```
where `rolename` stands for existing UNIX system account, `dbname` and `passwd` are kind of self explanatory (something like `novel_website_db` will do for `dbname`)

### Building from source
Create a configuration file `novel_website_config.py` (or choose any other appropriate name) with the contents:
```
DBNAME='dbname'
USER='rolename'
PASSWORD='passwd'
HOST='localhost'
SECRET_KEY='very secret key'
```
where `SECRET_KEY` stands for the key for client session security.

Change the current directory to the target one (the one where you're storing application files), set the environment variable `CONFIG` to the path to your configuration and then load the database configuration `schema.sql` and add a chief administrator of the website:
```
$ export CONFIG='/path/to/config/file'
$ psql -d dbname < schema.sql
$ psql -d dbname
# INSERT INTO "user" (nickname, password, e_mail, rights)
  VALUES ('nickname', 'password', 'email', 'chief_admin_');
# quit;
```
where `'nickname'` and `'password'` can be chosen according to your tastes, `'email'` stands for the email of the chief administrator
and `'chief_admin_'` should be typed as it is.

### Running
Just type the following command in the target directory:
```
$ ./app.py
```

Commit message:

Changed administration logic. Removed chief_admin_, added scrip to create admins

README.md, after:

## Novel website - application for websites containing novels or frankly speaking writings of any sorts

### Preparing the server
On a server where the database will be stored (for the current version of installation manual it should be the same with the one where the application is run...) create the postgres database:
```
$ createdb -O rolename dbname
$ psql -d dbname
# ALTER USER rolename WITH PASSWORD 'passwd';
# quit;
```
where `rolename` stands for existing UNIX system account, `dbname` and `passwd` are kind of self explanatory (something like `novel_website_db` will do for `dbname`)

### Building from source
Create a configuration file `novel_website_config.py` (or choose any other appropriate name) with the contents:
```
DBNAME='dbname'
USER='rolename'
PASSWORD='passwd'
HOST='localhost'
SECRET_KEY='very secret key'
```
where `SECRET_KEY` stands for the key for client session security.

Change the current directory to the target one (the one where you're storing application files), set the environment variable `CONFIG` to the path to your configuration and then load the database configuration `schema.sql`:
```
$ export CONFIG='/path/to/config/file'
$ psql -d dbname < schema.sql
$ psql -d dbname
```

Add the first administrator of the website:
```
$ ./init_admin.py
```

You can add other administrators this way later on
or add them via existing administrators' accounts options.

### Running
Just type the following command in the target directory:
```
$ ./app.py
```
